# Noise
## A Web3.0 Wrapper for Web2.0 Information Outlets 

### Abstract

This is a concept for a noise elimination app for social media channels dedicated to the discussion and marketing of open source software. It would be a layer on top of Twitter (initially) and other social media outlets that would allow users to more easily determine the vested interest of each participant in social media discussion and marketing and reduce spam. Noise will work by assigning identities to participants in discussion on open channels which will allow outsiders to determine the approximate function the individual has in the organization. By creating categorizations of we can then create formalized governance systems around pre-existing, but informal, social systems. The resulting governance systems will have all the properties required to allow permissionless open source projects to mimic the functions of a board of directors in a publicly owned company. 

### Intro

Most people hear of new software through Web2.0 social forums. Tools like Twitter, Github, Stackoverflow, Reddit, Discourse, Slack, Discord, and Telegram reign supreme in forming people's opinions around specific products or features. This is especially true of esoteric or brand new software projects where very few people have a working knowledge of the actual product. With the recent innovation of tying cryptocurrency valuation to the funding of open source project, the amount of noise on these social channels has become unbearable for people who are actually using and developing these projects. Discussion around price is often the dominant topic, and there is no barrier to entry into the conversation. Individuals can misrepresent their position, as we never know what interests members in the discussion maintain. Conflicts of interest are always assumed. This has led well-respected members of communities to withhold public support for fear of being misinterpreted as trying to pump a project. This means that intelligent conversation is often done behind closed doors via advisory positions, even though that discussion would be great to have on public forums for public edification. Without understanding individual's position in a project through some form of persistent identity leads to a massive public perception problem. The intentions of individuals promoting specific ideas on behalf of the project aren't easy to investigate, so to an uninformed observer of discussion all opinions are given similar amounts of consideration in the mind of the reader.

Perhaps more impactful than the public's perception is the inability of project developers to get things done in an open environment. While not purposefully malicious, the inability to prioritize, communicate, and schedule issues in open development environments has a crippling effect on project development. 
